Philosophical Arguments/Anecdotes/Discussions for "Resisting Entropy":
  A dumping ground for discussing different human philosophies.
  Anecdotes to help explain some vauge points/questions.
  Less objective in this page, anecdotal discussions, hearsay, and personal interpretations of resisting entropy with existing philosophers.

  Epictetus Discourses:
    1: hercules, would not have been resisting entropy very well
    2: figs + greatness, not instant gratification, improvement over time
    3: indifferent to values, use only objective measurement of natural world to predict the future of the natural universe
    4: impressions, idea and stretch between response, think, plan and make objective informed decision if possible
    5: coal and grime, surrounding yourself with people who are terrible at resiting entropy, effects your ability to do so.

  Aurelius meditations:
    purpose: free to decide own purpose from within the bounds of the universe
    service: encourage creation, create better tools
    plan for future and different of time variability: understand goals are a moving target
    cherish life: quantum immortality, amount of time left is irrelevant
    external opinions disregarded: anecdotal data is disregarded
    equinimity: sustainability in methods of preserving high organization

  Naturally Occurring In Humans (Sand castles):
    Take a person to a beach.
    They will most likely dig, pile up, move and organize sand without being told.
    They MAY create something, a drawing, a symbol, or a pile they call theirs.
      Imagine stepping back to appreciate or at least get the shape of their scratches all into the field of view.
    They MAY try to protect the sandcastle from the tide.
      They will understand that you cannot FIGHT entropy, at the very least it is pointless over a large enough time span.
      The tide will inevitably take the sandcastle.
        Imagine seeing your creation vanish under some sea foam.
      It is up to the being with agency to be ok with this reality.

  Match Girl (resistance against insurmountable adversity):
    Even in the face of unstoppable inevitable obliteration (heat death, big rip)
    There can still be experiences for a being with agency that create fulfillment over any suffering or pain
    Even if humans cannot 'outsmart' entropy.
      It's still all worth it if we can experience satisfaction, happiness, and fulfillment.
      If the state of the universe is not at our mercy, then why worry?
        Create tools to increase leisure and reduce suffering for anyone.

  Turing Test (humans lie/are ignorant):
    An AI can make accurate decisions that resist entropy on different scales (from plank-time to 14bn years)
      calculate energy over some fitness function for states of the universe
    It's possible that it may SEEM like its lying, but the immediately understandable correlations do not match the universe or event under scrutiny.
      It is possible that it will fail a turing test but still beat out a human.
      Skip over a local maxima of entropy to aim for a higher position.

  Morally Questionable Falsehoods (white lies, technically corrects):
    Local minimum/maxima of the gradient descent algorithm
    Up to agents involved in decision to determine if the drop in entropy will be worth it

  Chinese room (arbitrary vs objective understanding)?:
    The symbols individually have no objective meaning in their current state.
      The symbols carry with them their ancestry, etymology and 'dna'.
        Some symbols are new with each generation/abstraction, but constrained to the 'style' of the existing.
        Symbols 'can' be understood within formulas and statements from within a collective body (possibly, implementation detail, sudoku)
      Without the cultural history, those symbols would not come about the same, nor would they have any meaning to derive from.
        Assigned significance by humans on arbitrary terms (some may have numeric properties, but aesthetic symbols nonetheless)

    Collectively, maybe?
      Its a neural network trying to reverse engineer a merkle tree.
        The evolution the symbols have taken over their ancestry might be carried in the 'dna' of the symbols.
      The comparison is analyzing the whole universe of symbols, to derive the inspiration for the symbols.
        The change and gradient may be reverse engineered to try and understand the direction taken of the training/fitness algorithm.
      Resisting entropy by organizing

    If Humanity has no free will due to all 'outputs' being pre-determined through the 'inputs' (state of the universe and fundamental physics).
     No sense in distinguishing the quality of thought between an organic machine and an inorganic machine.
     The inputs fed to the inorganic machine are reproducible from the rules of the universe through an organic abstraction.

    If Humanity does have free will due to quantum fluctuations and the uncertainty principle.
      We are just beginning to understand(?) the quantum universe.
        May just be higher order/dimension/abstraction math.
        May soon be understood, and the free will argument is revisited.
      I feel the question might need framing, or maybe I still don't get it?.