  Most philosophies are great
    They do a great job on many different scales and organizational structures.
    I expect none of them need to change.
    Resisting entropy is the end game of our objective universe.
    Its a wrapper for all our physical universes.

  We can all still have our $Individual journeys, spirit quests, jihads, crusades, and pilgrimages.
    $Individual is the safest space of all.
    You can interpret and decide what our fathers were teaching.
    Your can think through the entire universe without even leaving your home.
    They can give you the basis and an initial training set to your $Individual $Decision making functions.
    Your conciousness, the pilot, makes the decisions in your universe based on $Objective measurements by your $SpaceSuit.

  I think we had our infinities backward. "Chain my leg but not my mind" -Epictetus
    I guess we assumed mind was limited, that humans could not comprehend infinity, divinity or the universe itself, chained and shackled by the supposed limitations of the flesh.
      They are not chained, our minds fall endlessly inwards.
      Endlessly back in time to creation, back in time to any moment of compassion or fulfillment.
      Forward in time to the greatest outcome of your goals and further.
      The greatest infinities and celestial divinities still reside inwardly.
    Our bodies however, are limited.
      $SpaceSuits are limited in the miles they can walk, the fuel they consume, the pain they suffer.
      $SpaceSuits are all contained with in a box, an enormous box, but a box nonetheless.
      $Actors are limited to none of that, we can decide inwardly what infinite love and compassion is.
      $Actors can make objective reasoned choices based on their decisions to carve out their perfect universe.

    “My teachings are easy to understand
    and easy to put into practice.
    Yet your intellect will never grasp them,
    and if you try to practice them, you'll fail.

    My teachings are older than the world.
    How can you grasp their meaning?

    If you want to know me,
    Look inside your heart.”
    ― Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching
