Capitalism/industrialization has been exploiting the labor of humans for the benefit of capital owners out of proportion with compensation. (Proposal)

Don't bother dad, he's at work. (Anecdote)

  Incredibly damaging thought process to have. (assumption)
    A naive child has not had the opportunity to explore their world. (premise)
    (arguments)
      The only source of information was through the parents. **
        Shutting off access to stress free information from parents discourages exploratory thinking. ** (assumption)
          Humans used to live and work in very close proximity to family.
          Children learn from parents.
            Accecptable/Encouraged to acknowledge an unknown. (aims)
            Authorative answers are door closers. 1+1 is 2, sky is blue, etc.
              I dont know why is a great answer.
                Theres more out there than the sky is blue just because.
                Find reasons, dig deeper, encourage curiosity.
                The world is a massive untapped resource of information.

  Internet being censored, restricted, or throttled is akin to preventing the stress free access of information.(assumption)
    Will i get banned? Is this allowed in this domain?
    Are we not allowed to discuss all topics?
    Can I afford to upload?



        ** DISCONTINUIOUS ***

subscription to salvation: Slavery through indebtedness
  annual holidays to get into and appeal to everyone (st pats, xmas, halloween, valentines, summer vacay) BUY BUY BUY
  It must happen, debt above all else to get the one bit of satisfaction when the quest for satisfaction is keeping you in the utter dependence of the tradition.

Dark dark cave: Slavery through distorting reality
  Not taught correct reasoning techniques.
  Reality is obfuscated from a young age.
  Taught from materials that have been recently created with little flexibility or discussion about the validity.
  Cherry picked correlations from individual outlying events to reinforce steadfast beliefs.
  Externalize ability, morality, progress, and salvation.
   you have no control in your life.
   *external thing will carry you*
   (religion, drugs, artificial-societal pressures, propaganda, consumer media)


economic growth vv >> tech - faith - philosophy - math - science - robotics - AI - ?
1  stronger people
2    bigger tools
3      Industry (assembly line , non-human power (elec/steam/etc))
4        Out sourcing
5         robotics
  5.5     *automation of outsourcing*
6           AI
7             ?

barter system only works for 1-2
currency for 2-5.5
labor for 1-6
humans wont be needed in stage 6.
  Robots build robots who maintain robots who design robots who ship robots who build factories to build robots....
Unchecked unequality has destroyed cultures and civilizations before.

Egypt: Look how much $commodity I have.
  egypt had pharoes with gold, cats, women, and created huge pyramids as a symbol of their wealth

Rome: Look how much $commodity I have.
  Science, Philophsoy, Libraries, and an involved democratic government, all supported by human labor.
  tried to make the switch to information as commodity but technology was not ready to take place of human labor.

US: Look how much $commodity I have.
  We are rapidly burning through the resources we have in our system and others are not going to care about our company dollars any more.
  'Labor' will be replaced with robotic 'labor'.
  We need local 'Ideas'.

Existing labor and production is being heavily subsidized (corn/oil/sugar/etc)
Its like company purchasing back the expired bread instead of just throw it away.
By enabling your people to have free time, ideas and creativity will flourish.
Foreign investment is what is GROWING the economy, not the left hand paying the right.

Apartment group analogy
    lux
      outsourced the labor
        information being paid for is Tennant was in between x-y
          our company dollars are going to purchase the information of the mail room
            it could very well be replaced with the honor system.

How meta? How large scale?
When labor is outsourced from home, children suffer. ** (both parents working)
When labor is outsourced from the neighborhood, families suffer. (commute)
When labor is outsourced from the city, neighborhoods suffer. (longer average commute, increased poverty)
When labor is outsourced from the state, cities suffer. (border cities)
When labor is outsourced from the country, the nations both suffer.
  money and human influence are leaving country A.
  labor and other resources are leaving country B.

  Money and no time/will power or time and willpower and no money.

Saving money on labor at the cost of supporting home.
We are investing into another country when we have the ability to do it because LABOR is still a commodity (soon).

      Removing access to parents for 8-12 hours a day is preventing the transfer of basic communal life skills and continuity for their knowledge. **
      Parents come home worn out tired. **
      Downtime is taken up by satiating oneself with media.  **
        A narrative is provided for you. (premise)
          No need to create a narrative or story yourself. (Assumption)
      Do not indulge oneself in art as its for the lazy. **
      Do not indulge oneself in drugs, thats for junkies. **

    Human labor and effort is not given the opportunity to be expended in the immediate community. (Proposal)
      Increased
