    $PhilosophicalMagnitudes (scale, level of meta):
      Decisions are to be contained fully in the scale in which they reside and have the general consensus of all members of the sphere of influence.

    $Spacesuit: (my body, your body, the physical portion of agency, the body is contained in)
      A way to separate the body from self.
      Imagine your mind as the pilot to the fleshy organic fragile $Spacesuit you can control.
      What you want to be and what you are are largely two different things.
      Your $Spacesuit is reparable, modifiable, and consistent in that most of its behaviours are solved.
      Your $Spacesuit exists in an objective space.
      Your $Mind exists in a subjective

    $Individual (self-image, personal motivation/drive, religion)
      Resisting entropy aims to keep you informed, alive, and continually in that state. (quantum immortality would be a state of high (perfect?) personal entropy)
        past: from now going forward you can record your life very easily, ease of access of historic information to make any human decision
        present: social network to assist/coach/guide/advise you in your cause
        future: means to learn nearly anything or research a new field, task management software to make scheduling and prioritizing easy

      “When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you.” ―Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching
      “The moment you stop trying to become a better person, is the moment you start to become worse than what you already are.” -Carroll Bryant
      "The soul of the sluggard craves and gets nothing, while the soul of the diligent is richly supplied." -Proverbs 13:4
      Increase leisure, health, and knowledge for higher organization.
        Think of how organized a society has to be for a drug therapy treatment that tries to tell the $SpaceSuits immune system to not target specific portions of my $SpaceSuits nervous system any more.
        Tysabri is like chemical diplomacy within my $SpaceSuit.

      Reduce pain, suffering, and toil for less energy expenditure, and a higher opportunity of further information and creativity.

    $Family (echo chamber, similar ideas and lifestyles, republican)
      Resisting entropy aims to keep family together, informed and healthy.
      Objective measures to keep sheltered, fed, nurtured.
        past: same tools as your individual self
        present: same tools as your individual self
        future: same tools as your individual self

    $Community (city, differing ideas, similar lifestyles, democrat)
      Resisting entropy aims to build the community higher.
        past: town charter, constitution
        present: newspaper, local news
        future: city council, hoa

      Encourage the collection of good ideas.
      Encourage the adjustment of bad ideas.
      Inform and educate to rehabilitate and heal.
      Vengeance and punishment is detrimental, causes additional suffering.

    $Region (country, differing ideas, differing lifestyles, confederacy)
      Resisting entropy aims to build connections between communities
        past: treaties, coalitions
        present: trade to determine cultural demands, spread resources equitably
        future: cultural import/exports

    $Planet (earth, differing cultures, differing lifestyles, federal)
      Resisting entropy aims to build connections between countries
        past: geologic record
        present: environmental decisions, energy decisions
        future: earth could be next Venus, we could have a global renaissance

    $Species (livestock, fermi paradox, vastly different forms of communication, vastly different lifestyles, socialism)
      Resisting entropy aims to build connections between lifeforms
        past: GMO, ancestry, classification
        present: samples, observation, preservation
        future: increased bio diversity, depth of culture

  End of any assumed naive understandings of scale and geometry:

    $Dimensional? (flat landers, different geometries, time-scales of consciousness, physical dimensions, ?)
      Resisting entropy aims to escape the heat death of the universe (long term goal)
        past: ?
        present: ?
        future: ?

      Do not let the universe die.
        could be piece of something larger
        saves the now.
        Now is what matters.

      We might be able to solve entropy in 4d space.
        Possibly prevent the end of Nd space time?

    An element from the $Powerset of $Dimensional - P($Dimensional)
      Any one of all possible re-arrangements of our 'N' dimensional space
      Resisting entropy may no longer apply to an  P($Dimensional)-$Actor

    P(P($Dimensional))
      ?

    ...