TITLE::::

  Multiple Sclerosis and Cognitive Struggles
  Decisions Without Immediate Memory
  Stochastic Morality

ABSTRACT::::

  I quite frequently (20+ times a day) drop every thought in my head.
    My consciousness just kinda 'wakes' up mid situation or conversation.
    Im sitting there like deer in headlights with no context
      Sometimes its early enough in situation to pick right back up with no confusion

  "Chain my leg but not my mind"
    mind dominant form of self and 'spacesuit' body

  When this happens, I become insanely frustrated with my own mental capacities.
    My inability to recall memories and immediate details jeopardizes my ability to make decisions and communicate clearly.
    My emotional state becomes weakened as well, hard to be reminded that your memory might not ever come back. Frequently.

  I need to remind myself that any decision could be terrible relationship ending decision.
    When I'm emotional, my cognitive state becomes compromised beyond recognition.
    I need a way to create a frame of reference quickly to decide if my decision is beneficial when weighing the idea.
      "Resist entropy" is the best I have done so far.
      That's only rule I need to hopefully not be self destructive.
        It missed once so far, really bad, since this experiment started. (Past performance is not indicative of future success :P)
          Acknowledged and preserved an important life changing relationship
          I was entirely wrong with a false assumption of reality
            Specifically the role doctors are now playing in my life

      If there's a better fundamental rule by all means, lets discuss.
      Allow me to frame my current reasoning and methodology.

INTRODUCTION::::

  I have a piss poor memory, a rule need to be buildable from nothing with very few if any premises or foundational assumptions.
    when I use the word rules in this context.
      I mean isolated bits of knowledge. ["Don't do $blank", "do $blank", "$blank does $blank"]

    My thoughts can be so effervescent that I can only hold a few things at a time.
      I need a rule that makes sense in our universe.
      I need a rule that can have specification applied to it.
        Not rules for every possible scenario I will ever encounter in the future. (http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/003/980/hold-all-these-limes.jpg)

      I need a rule that can be re-constructed from the natural world with NO prior knowledge. (don't have that last part yet entirely)
        My current concession however has a fuck ton of experiments and things that genuinely rely on it being true in the natural relative objective mathematical sense.
        a = b, and b = c, then a = c

    My single 'premise' and assumption just uses a discovery from 1929. Edwin Hubble. (http://www.physicsoftheuniverse.com/topics_bigbang_expanding.html)
      From what I gather, the universe (galaxies, stars, planets, hell even subatomic stuff) is moving apart.  # super handwavy tl;dr
      I have not measured or experimented to see this for myself.
        Its not by a matter of choice that I haven't.
          It's not that I blindly trust the Hubble discoveries, fuck no.
          I want to see the 'pixel' of the universe myself.
            To see it. To know viscerally and intellectually, that you genuinely understand the very fabric of the universe.
            I cant imagine a singular more impressive realization to go through for humanity let alone a single human.

        But because of social limitations.
          Telescopes and fundamental sensors are expensive.
          Parsing, discussing, weighing and dismissing irrelevant info. (distractions, trends, fears, media, bad info, faulty assumptions)
          My own physical and cognitive limitations.

    The hundreds of thousands of discoveries also based off of this premise are 'real' in the sense they are tangible, experimentable, discussable.
      We harnessed math, chemistry, and electricity to create things like phones and satellites.
        Insanely organized and specialized structures that are unlike anything previously seen in nature at any point in time.
        These tools would not exist without relying on a few fundamental premises to be at least 'correct' in an applied practical natural sense.

METHODS::::

  General Relativity explains the math for GPS, therefore the Universe is Expanding.
  If the math didn't work... the math wouldn't work.  # super handwavy tl;dr

    Because of this universal self referencing (even outside of human timescales of ~100 years), the universe begins to take shape and make sense.
    The structure, the contents, and the contextual understanding of the universe will still change.
      We might understand how the universe started expanding some day.
        We will roll that new discovery/realization into our existing understanding of the universe.
          Then we have the same questions with a new and earlier premise.

    Our understanding of the natural world is certainly not complete or definitive.
     Not complete does not mean untested.
      The entire framework seems to be structured in such a way to stimulate discussion and correct previous assumptions.
        And if we can structure it to better facilitate these goals we're supposed to.
      The natural world has been scrutinized and dissected for all to see. (**nearly all** fucking paywalls/patents/copywrite/data caps)
      The natural world will continue to be scrutinized and that should be encouraged.
        The scrutiny needs to come from a place of some testable statistical certainty.

    When assumptions about reality are falsified, things break, inconsistencies in reality are created.
      Inconsistencies benefit and harm the world in an imbalanced manner.
        It is possible to use the inconsistencies to preserve authority.
          Including preserving the inconsistencies themselves.
        Using the inconsistencies to take advantage of the system are encouraging entropy to increase.
          The system, and in turn the human collective knowledge is weaker because of a falsified contribution.

      This creates divisions at these inconsistencies
        The falsified realities and the perpetuation of them are toxic
          Creative/fiction/folklore realities are intact given they are handled in the reality in which they exist.
            Santa exists as a fun story and a great memory, not as a savior or external authority of behaviour.
        Reality inspires falsified realities.
          Falsified realities are not accurate assessments of the current state.

          They can be purposefully twisted. (results made/ignored to fit argument)
            http://www.ethyl.environmentalhistory.org/?page_id=27
            http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2016/09/the-sugar-lobby-bribed-scientists-to-make-it-seem-healthy.html
            http://insideclimatenews.org/sites/default/files/documents/1982%20Exxon%20Primer%20on%20CO2%20Greenhouse%20Effect.pdf
            These decrease order and create inconsistencies

          They can be accidentally twisted. (completely wrong assumption, results still accepted)
            https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelson%E2%80%93Morley_experiment
            This even though unexpected result, created massive realizations within our universe, increased entropy from a dip.
            Why raw non-sponsored science is good for entropy, don't know how knowledge will be found.

      New experiments need to be created to further refine our understanding of the natural world.
      It is OK to be wrong. Encouraged even.
        We have been wrong before and will be wrong countless times again.
        We are wrong right now about tons of shit. We don't even know it.
        Learning from the wrongs is the best situation we can make of a mistake.

CONCLUSION::::

  Think about the universe around us. Everything is expanding, eventually things will be so far apart, we wont be able to do everything we want. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heat_death_of_the_universe)
    At some point we wont be able to exist, unless we change our understanding of the universe.

  This may be bazillions of years in future, but its currently the ONLY thing to actually be afraid of.
    Lots if not all of the local/regional/national/global problems 'can' be solved.
      Humans are really good at fixing people and situations.
      If no solution exists, humans can figure it out.

  Within our timescales of roughly 100 years, do what we can to make sure we are fending off the encroachment of disorder.
    There is an unbroken chain of organic material going back over billions of years (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abiogenesis).
      Why let that go to waste?

  I want to create tools, ideas, and help others do the same.
    Its a cultural undertaking to re-prioritize the pursuit of slowing entropy and organizing knowledge.
    It's what we have been doing since the dawn of humanity.

  I don't or maybe even can't understand how to continually juggle zero tolerance rules of how to not do things for every daily situation (and every daily situation in the future).
  We try to label things as good or bad when nothing is black and white like that.
    Decisions and actions may appear binary, but the reasoning for it can be a complex web of weighted inputs.
  Why get lost in assorted faiths, traditions, stories, or anecdotes that no longer apply or never did apply?
    A 'good' person wouldn't do blank.
      'no true scotsman'...
    They distract from reality and create unnecessary hardship and confusion.
    Reality is brutal (subjective)
      some live a life of leisure and fulfillment ignorant to any suffering or pain in the world
      some live a life of toil and suffering ignorant to any recourse for changing it
      there is an entire gradient of human experience in between
    We have been making it less cold and less brutal. (objective)
      Most statistics, measurements, observations, or measurable qualities of reality have been 'improving'
      We can observe the math and see where we can best apply resources to increase the metrics of 'better' civilization


    Our rules seem to be zero tolerance with arbitrary boundaries and thresholds.
      specific human rule: Don't hurt | Ok but what is hurt? neglect? emotional? abuse? who draws the line between rehabilitation or punishment?
      specific human rule: Don't steal | Stealing food? medicine? When is it stealing and when is it the community availing necessary resources?
      specific human rule: Don't bully | Defending family? self? Can use force to press opinion when backed into corner?
      specific human rule: Acceptable behavior | Eating but not pooping? sitting but not sleeping? human doing human thing in human space?
      ...

      societial pressures: have kids | how many? how to raise? spanking?
      societial pressures: marry | marry who? marry why? Money? Happiness?
      societial pressures: acquire resource | how much? why hold it? What do with it?
      societial pressures: look happy | nice day? weather? sports team?
      ...

  When a bunch of rules are distilled down to central theme it becomes easy to grow from.
    "Resist Entropy"
  or
    "Keep things nice and make it nicer if you can."
  or
    "Its ok to make room for nicer things, as long as you're not purposely ruining too much of the old things to do so."
      *Nice being the subjective, but in terms of this context "nice" being more complicated and organized structures
      *If the heat/information loss or disorder can be calculated, we can have a statistically likely best path.

  Im not implying that we forget all the non-productive stuff.
    Art, leisure, and competition, are all important to a culture.
    Incorporate other cultures best ideas instead of vilifying the culture.
      Strengthen the team, do not weaken other members.
    Share your best ideas with other cultures instead of forcing it onto them.
      Cultural exports over imperialism

  Things have been built up over generations, respect how far we've come while still growing and evolving our culture and humanity.
    Resist Entropy can be abstracted (cherry picked?) from many existing thoughts already:
      "Change comes from within"
        'Resist' entropy, it's active not passive. The onus of the change is on you.
        Personal responsibility takes center stage
        No longer externalize the behaviour or the threshold of 'rehabilitation'
      "The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long."
        Entropy also accounts for the losses in effort to acquire or preserve organization
        Using force to accomplish an idea creates more disorder than an introduction
      "Journey of thousand miles, begins with single step"
        Nothing about solving entropy, not a results based system, just try to resist entropy, be better than yesterday
      "For such a small price, I buy tranquillity."
      "Cleanliness is next to godliness"
      "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do."


  There is a slim as shit chance I or anyone have this correct, no reason to become entrenched in own convictions.
    The math and proper experiments have been productive, with nudges to our understanding throughout history.
      We can continue to work together on project humanity.
      We will continually surprise ourselves with the awesome shit we create.
        We just have to agree to get on the same page first.

  Lets Resist entropy together.

  Super TL;DR
    Resist Entropy
    Why?
      The universe is expanding
      Why?
        I don't know, but that is a great question.
        Lets figure it out.



********

purpose behind stoicism(?)
Epictetus' motivation(?)
meta Aurelies?

Draw dot 'add attributes'
  make 'decision' 'outcome'
  does not matter until decision is made
    spawns a universe for each possible outcome
    is there a possible way to determine the destination universe?

  Unsure targets do not have a connected graph.
  must explore into the direction and hope to find.
    the layout of the information is not always obvious
    think close, but missing something largely fundamental

  waste time drawing black dots
    what about, lets not
    what about, lets not
      most problems are / can be solved as long as honest.

graph theory, draw tree, duality of decisions

meta-ethics works on multiple levels
  does not require pin-point specifics
  good/bad does not matter
    skilled morally, academically
    display within competition

  choice is based off of moment, each moment choice to sit in chair
    can change at any time, however onus of resisting entrophy rests on you
  entropy is the actual wrapper for the universe
    '$deity' was only a wrapper for the planet

  cardinality/layer of system
    individual
    family - intimate knowledge
    tribe - similar ideas
    community - varied ideas
    region - varied cultures
    global - varied races

    cellestial scales?
      varied species?
      varied times? (archaeological discoveries)
      varied dimensions? (higher species flatlanders)

  duration of system
    previous
    now
    decision
    human scale
    global scale
    universal scale

Epictetus Discourses:
  1: hercules, would have been dick for not fighting entrophy
  2: figs + greatness, not instant gratification, improvement over time
  3: indifferent to values, only objective measurement of natural world to predict universe
  4: impressions, idea and stretch between response, think, plan and make objective informed decision if possible
  5: coal and grime, surrounding yourself with people who are terrible at resiting entropy, effects your ability to do so.

Aurelies meditations
  purpose: free to decide own purpose
  service: encourage creation, create better tools
  plan for future and different of time variability: understand goals are a moving target
  cherish life: quantum immortality, amount of time left is irrelevant
  external opinions disregarded: anecdotal data is disregarded
  equinimity: sustainability in methods of preserving high organization