Since a young age pain and confusion has been a dominant aspect of my life.
  My body started hurting into adolescence and hasn't really stopped since.
  My mind would fog and memory would frequently fail.
    I decided long ago I didn't have a good memory since it was so inconsistent.
  My recourse was to learn objectivity and indifference from a young age.

My complaints were usually discarded as noise by family, teachers, doctors.
  My fundamental goal in life was to reduce pain.
  The back of my mind would always be looking for a way to feel any bit of relief since I couldn't really change being 'human'.
  I assumed I was just bad at being human unable to tolerate the physical pains of reality.

I continued to prod doctors for advice on remedying the pain.
  It was about twenty years later when I was diagnosed with Multiple Scerlosis.
  My life long enemy had a name.
  At first I was still suspicious since this happened once before (appendix was removed and only caused more pain, that might have been fine i don't know, i was 12)
    I recoiled from the doctor as a snake oil salesman.
  When it became clear that it was all or nothing with the doctors. (my fault entirely)
    I became complacent within the boundaries of the universe
    Treatment was provided

I am now one week after first infusion and I haven't felt this good since I was a very small child.
  I have cogitative ability again.
    I can abstract ideas.
    I can hold more than one idea.

This brings about a some cool realizations.
  I do not associate myself with my body.
    I am my mind, inside of an organic 'spacesuit' body

  I had a hard time distinguishing what was MY reality vs memories of something else (book, movie, video game, etc) when trying to think very far back
    My memory really is that shit
    I decided I had no memory since I couldn't verify my own memories
      Was easier when discussing

   I always had pain. (past)
   The pain was objectively predicted by those EXTERNAL to me to be caused by MS (present)
   The diagnosis has a treatment which will improve my condition if I had MS. (future)
    My condition improved.

  The reason the medicine works is because im actually sick because the doctors were right.
    Objective trinity, in the flesh, bone and disease modification therapy

  That is an intrinsic, visceral, gut feeling, of well shit... That's a thing now.
    Historical precedent (decades of pain)
    Objective prediction (MS diagnosis)
    Treatment for the future (Tysabri)
      Odds that it would succeed greatly out weigh the odds it would drastically fail
      Possible to just not work

  My discontinuous memories now have a checksum.
    Did it hurt when I $blanked?

  Experienced objective reality first hand
    I had a front row seat to both a complete subjective and entirely objective views for this experiment.
    A multi dimensional analysis of my diagnosis can help illustrate the difference between subjective and objective.
    This situation is re-created with the following dimensions:
      3 $SpaceTimeAreas
          $Past
          $Present
          $Future

      3 $PhilosophicalMagnitudes
          $Individual
          $Family
          $Community

      $Past:
       My $Individual experiences are subjective even to me because of my inability to verify accuracy of own anecdotal and suspect memories.
       Complaints recorded in medical records and in external anecdotes over last two decades are objectively stored with the $Community.
       External tests to measure different qualities of my space suit are objectively recorded by the $Community.
       They displayed a statistically incontrovertible picture to the $Community of an illness ravaging my spacesuit and causing me $individual suffering.

      $Present:
       Having control over $Individual, including treatment of my spacesuit, is only a debatable hypothesis.
       I can make subjective assessments about the condition of my spacesuit as it affects $Individual suffering.
       I require help from something in $Family or $Community to objectively verify the condition of my spacesuit as it affects $Individual suffering.

       My future not requiring as much pain/suffering/illness is both subjectively and objectively verifiable prediction from within all three $PhilosophicalMagnitudes.
      $Individual:
        My subjective observations have already convinced me I am in a higher state of organization.
        Objectively, I was able to remove thoughts from my head clearly.
          I was able to create this.
          Even if in a discontinuous and assorted manner.

      $Family:
        Those closest to me can subjectively see that my spacesuit is preforming better.
          I'm smiling, laughing, and not ALWAYS curled up.
        Those closest to me can make objective measurements to see that my spacesuit is preforming better.
          I'm walking faster and straighter.
          I'm talking faster and more clear.
          I'm eating more.

      $Community:
        The doctors can ask subjective questions about me and my spacesuit to determine performance subjectively.
          Not always accurate, humans lie and get confused.
          Don't always know if a problem is a problem, like acute chronic pain for decades.
        The doctors can take objective measurements by checking the fluids in my spacesuit.
          Blood, urine, stool, spinal fluid carry objective indicators about the health of my spacesuit.

      $Future:
       The results of the treatment are not objectively obvious at first.
       My spacesuit was hurting me more than normal when first diagnosed and treatment began. (subjective)
       My spacesuit has been hurting me less as I was getting away from treatment. (subjective for a period)
        When I received my first round of treatment (IV Steroids), my spacesuit was blindingly painful.
        I was pushed into a state of increased entropy.
       As I was treated, other objectively quantifiable, qualities of my space suit were improving.
        The increased entropy was only temporary (local minimum)
       My spacesuit feels better now than before (faith).
       I can externalize my thinking (verifiable goal)

  We can measure the objective qualities of the illness to determine the change in entropy involving the spacesuit.
  External consciousnesses have agreed on a consensus that I have MS and there exists a treatment.
  External consciousnesses have agreed on a consensus that there is not yet a cure.
  In order for me to continue resisting entropy, I need to make a cure for MS happen.
    For me, for us, and for all humans in the $Future

  I learned from my illness that three pieces of space time needed to be solved to have objective knowledge.
  As displayed above, the three $SpaceTimeAreas were solved
  We can objectively state MS is part of objective $SpaceTimeAreas.
  I can objectively state MS is a part of my $SpaceSuit $SpaceTimeArea

  Only I can subjectively state I am in less pain.
    The past few days has been less pain than at any previous period in the $Past.

  I only decided to resist the subjective opposition (pain) of my $SpaceSuit $SpaceTimeArea
    It is up to me to decide on the subjective steps to take and that will be decided in $Individual.
    I unknowingly temporarily decided to create a $Individual $SpaceTimeArea that contained a solution that was inconsistent with the greater reality.
      My solution was trying to convince myself that I was not really that sick.
      I tried to fix my MS with just good clean living, an example of "lying to myself".
    The obvious inconsistency, "I am in control of an objective $SpaceTimeArea", made itself apparent very quickly as my disease progressed.
      I had to leave the security of $Individual and look for help in larger $SpaceTimeAreas
      $Family was unable to objectively resolve this opposition, only contained subjective advice and anecdotes.
      $Community was a harder $SpaceTimeArea to navigate but it contained the ability to identify my 'demons', my 'internal struggle', and identified it as a 'compromised spacesuit'.

  Now that pain is "solved", I am deciding to "Resist Entropy"


