Objective reality is broken into at least three different 'spacetime areas'.
  To objectively solve reality, we must create a function that can achieve a goal in the $Future by producing a decision in the $Present based on information from the $Past.
  If we can objectively solve each piece of space time we will have objectively solved our current understanding of space time.
  The teachings of the previous philosophers have already solved past, present, and future.
    However their teachings are open to interpretation and do not scale well.
    Scaleable mathematical algorithms and heuristics to act as the tools that facilitate our decision making for large datasets in 'space time areas' are a reality.

  $Past: (objective historical measurements, observations, and storage)
    Record human knowledge, discovery, and creation in a free, public, and mathematically verifiable structure.
    Measurements aim to increase confidence in making decisions going forward.
      "Hindsight is 20/20"
    Natural Instantiation:
      DNA (unbroken chain from abiogenesis to now)
    Cultural Signifigance:
      Father, judicial branch, human collective knowledge, precedent in legal matters
      "Adam begat Seth; and Seth, Enos"
      "Like my father before me"
    Traditional Human Interfaces
      Anecdotal knowledge that is verifiable through familiar acquaintances
      Precedent in legal proceedings
    Human Created Mathematical Solution:
      merkle trees - Wikipedia
      internet - public forum

  $Present: (when decisions are made, human effort, task execution)
    Understand all of the information at your disposal before making a decision with transparent reasoning and cost analysis.
      Since each experienced reality is completely different, the decision should be aggregated from multiple realities.
    Decisions aim to resist entropy while increasing organization
    Natural Instantiation:
      Human Mind (neurons, memories)
      Trying to stay alive and then solve inconveniences
    Cultural Significance:
      Son, legislative branch, gut feeling
    Traditional Human Interfaces
      Parliament
      Insurance risk assessments
      Scientific community, Industry veterans, Experienced teams
      Previous philosophy as a training set for $Individual
    Human Created Mathematical Solutions:
      Machine Learning - Neural Networks - Watson
      Markov chains - Natural Language Processing

  $Future: (planning, complexity reduction, establishing boundaries, division of labor, collective effort)
    Understand best how to take steps now to get closer to goal.
      Looking ahead may not answer anything, but look for middle ground between now and goal to find smaller tasks to complete.
      Estimate actions to take now to get closer to goal.
    Natural Instantiation:
      Task allocation in ant colonies (do a tiny task with the colony in mind)
    Cultural significance:
      Spirit, legislative branch, unions, Art of learning
      Pyramids
      Panama canal
      Space Travel
    Traditional Human Interfaces
      Rules, advice, law, commandments, mandates.
    Human Created Mathematical 'heuristics':
      Super tasks - Zeno's Paradoxes
      Heathrow - Heathrow airport
      Bin packing algorithms
