Generalize
  What can each dimension of information give us.
  How can it be displayed? Spin?
  What does it look like plotted against time?

    1d (x):
      Value, intensity, magnitude, speed
      1d Dt is ac(de)celeration

    2d (x, y):
      curve, horizon, edge, velocity
      2d Dt is sound

    3d (x, y, z):
      texture, volume
      3d Dt is a field

    4d (w, x, y, z):
      spacetime, room, event, fishtank
      4d Dt is experience (human?)

  Visualize different forces by plotting the dimensions against time.

  each dimension carries with it better opportunities for determining information
  ( 1 information 1 )( 2 choice 2 )( 3 decision  3 )( 4 ??...


I
  1: With each step through a function the universe changes.
    Its not just a change in phase (complex math still has a place?).
    We needed to account for the change respective to own interactions somehow.
    Look at universal slices as slices of bread, not slices of paper.

  2: When plotted with different bounds, visualizing a 4th dimensional change becomes easy.


TimeCube
  1: Continuation of 'i' discussion, can probably be removed doesn't add much outside of getting excited.


TimeCube2
  1: Spin can be encoded with a number of linear algebra methods.
    Re constructing the spin is where the art is at.
    From spin of single electron we can create an entire universe.


Inconsistencies
  1: The graph y=x^2 and y=x intersect at a non-mathematically significant point.
    Not inflection point
    Non-zero tangent
    Change math 'universe' at 1

  2: The natural, integer, rational and irrational number systems can be used for large values (>2) and our day to day math.
    Abstract "Universe" (-infinity, infinity)
      points, values, steps, discrete
      subjectivity, language

  3: The Real numbers are not points, but areas, durations, pieces of something larger.
      Real "Universe" (0, 1)
      ranges, areas, probabilities, durations, lengths, continuous
      objectivity, relative observations and comparisons


labelingUniverse
  Pd: PastDuration
    The whole context, from the beginning up to the present.

  Fd: FutureDuration
    The potential states of the context.

  Nd: NaturalDuration
    The length of this entire context build from pieces.
    Pd (1/2) + Fd (1/2) = Whole context 2/2 (1)

  Pt: Present
    The current state, now.

  St: Start
    The event that began the context.

  Et: End
    The event that will end the context.


MetricTime

  1: Time is broken up into seconds which are, "the duration of 9 192 631 770 periods", largely arbitrary
    Gives illusion of lumpy universe, self-defined cage built from ossilations of an atom.
    easier to recognize planks as something larger first.
    U: universal plank
    Y: human year plank
    HH: human history plank

    1U = 14billion Y?
    1Y big bang?
    ??
    10billion Y earth?
    13.2billion Y dinisaurs?
    14billion Y humans?
    12000(?) Y = HH

    0.0HH = first structure or just *something neat*
    .5HH = now
    1HH = number years * 2
      think of endgame when deciding plans

  2: When working with time, start and end are all the relative points needed.
    everything else is a piece, portion, arc of the larger event which can be handled with same recursive nature


MetricTime2
  1: The math to use the planks has been largely defined already.
    Naturals, Integers, Rationals, Irrationals are all there to act as our language to discuss the universe.
    The universe becomes a lot less granular


TruthTableProgression
  A table as just truth statements can be extended up through numbers and finally a graph.
  If the function for that graph can be found, the rest of the truth vales can be determined with just a pass through a function.


UniversalPlot
  Plotting the base functions in the universe of -1 to 1